# Annotations

- @Param needed to bind query parameters to named parameters in the JpaRepository

- @Autowired is used for automatic dependency injection in objects. When you mark field, constructor or method with this annotation, Spring will search related Bean (object) and automatically inject it in class. This is alternative of manual injection in XML configuration
How it works? Spring scans all classes with @Component annotaion (even parent annotation like @Service etc) and creates Beans for these classes; Spring scans all created Beans and checks if at least one Bean fits for injection where we marked @Autowired; if exists one suitable Bean, it injects as dependency, else error

- @DynamicUpdate tells Hibernate that only the changed fields of the object should be taken into account when performing an update operation, and not all fields. This reduces the amount of SQL queries sent to the database and improves performance. If an object field has not changed, it will not be included in the SQL query generated by Hibernate.

- @DynamicInsert works similarly, but for the insert operation. If you annotate a class with the @DynamicInsert annotation, Hibernate will only include those fields of the object that have values (not null) in the generated SQL insert query. This can be useful if you want to reduce the size of the inserted query and reduce the load on the database.

- @RequestMapping defines the path over which the controller will process requests. It can be applied to a method or a controller class. When applied to a method, the annotation points to the path that will be matched to process the request. When applied to a class, the annotation points to a base path that will prefix all methods in that controller.

- @PostMapping is a specialization of @RequestMapping and is used to process HTTP POST requests. It can also be applied to a controller method or class. When applied to a method, the annotation points to a path that will only match for POST requests.

- @RestController is a combination of the @Controller and @ResponseBody annotations. It is used to create RESTful web services that return data in JSON or XML format. When a controller method is annotated with the @RestController annotation, the result of its execution will be automatically serialized into the specified format and sent in response to the request.

- @Service is used to mark classes that provide business logic or services in an application. Classes marked with this annotation are Spring beans and can be automatically scanned and injected into other beans such as controllers or other services.
