# Explanations

Why in the PostMapping method as the return value of the entry redirect:/..., when it is possible without it? When returned string like "redirect:/some-url", this tells Spring MVC to redirect to the specified URL after the method executes. This is useful when you want to redirect the user to another page after a successful operation. However, if you don't specify redirect:/ then Spring MVC will look for a view with the appropriate name and render it. For example, if your method returns the string "home", Spring MVC will look for a view named "home" and render it.

Methods in UserDAO work without realisation, because this class extends JpaRepository, which provides basic CRUD operations for working with database. There is no implementation of the findByEmail method in this code. This means that the implementation of this method will be automatically generated by Spring Data JPA based on the method name and signature. Spring Data JPA uses method naming convention to automatically generate queries. In this case, Spring Data JPA will search the database for the email field in the User entity and return the corresponding user. In my code, I'm using @NamedQuery in User.java to explicitly match the findbyEmail method.

As you can see Repositories are parameterized ([example](/src/main/java/bar/data/OrderRepository.java)). First parameter is Type of objects which will be contained in repository, second - ID field type. Spring repository already has all needed methods and implementations by notations.

JPA demands entities to have constructor without arguments!